Palestinians like these are spending
hours and even days outside una
distribution centers in Gaza to get
whatever food they
can but often they're
disappointed I came at 6:00 in the
evening waiting at the agency's door
waiting my children are starving we
can't find even a bite of bread our
children are suffering due to the lack
of bread lack of food we had been told
that we would get flour and bread but
that was not true the United Nations
says no Bakery has been active in the
northern Gaza Strip for a month due to a
lack of fuel electricity water and
flour others have been destroyed along
with farms and Food
Shops starvation and illness is
spreading and the World Health
Organization says more people will
eventually be killed by disease than by
Israel's
bombardment the diseases the pain his
health isn't good he's eating himself
out this isn't milk this is basically
water with a spoon of powder even less
than a spoon anything so it just smells
like milk just so I can trick him into
thinking it's milk the UN has called the
level of Aid being allowed into Gaza
completely inadequate and Oxfam has
accused Israel of using starvation as a
weapon of War Medics say for very young
children the effects of malnutrition and
a lack of Sanitation can quickly turn
fatal my children are dehydrated there's
no food we were displaced by War and
came here and if we were to stay in Gaza
and die that would be better because
there is no food here one of my children
has lost seven or 8 kilg
for most Palestinians the horrors of
Israel's war on Gaza are
unbearable and
all humanitarian workers describe them
as
apocalyptic Julie dger Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer